
    I'd also give him the R script we used for the PSMC error rates, as that has some functions already set up to calculate errors. (todo: me)
    What are the (time) parameters of the population models? Given that we want to focus the dynamics in the mid-range of time, some thought should go into exactly what these parameters will be. (todo: Julien + maths guys)
    What simulator should be used? I think MaCS looks appropriate, but I haven't experimented thoroughly enough with this to be certain. On a side note, MaCS actually outputs its random seed into stderr, so we should be easily able to extract this an store it in a table for. I should link the ms manual and MaCS manual (both are relevant) and highlight the command line options Graham should be aware of. Also make sure the units are emphasised. (todo: me)
    What simulator parameters should be used? I can include an outline of something I've used, but biological parameters may need to be confirmed. (todo: me)
    How to convert MaCS -> ms format -> MSMC format. (todo: me at first, then Graham)
    Fragmentation scripts. This could either be done on: raw MaCS output, the ms-like converted format of MaCS, or the PSMC' input. I don't understand the output files well enough to make a call on this. (todo: Graham)
    Fragmentation models. Consult with maths guys for a theoretical model, and maybe Julien for a empirical model. (todo: maths guys, Julien)
    Running MSMC. Link Graham the paper. Highlight the relevant parts, e.g difference from PSMC re: recombination rate estimates, time intervals. Highlight relevant command-line options, e.g. specifying time intervals. Give an example of how to run MSMC. (todo: me, Julien could help if needed later)
    Visualising MSMC. How to rescale the output to real-time, and how to visualise it. (todo: me. Julien or Ben if necessary later)

- should I include these things too?

    basic data visualisation things for after the runs have been done. I'm thinking not, Ben and Jono could do this much better than me, and this would be months away anyway.
    how to co-plot PSMC and MSMC runs. This would basically just involve me sending a commented R script.
    how to run PSMC on simulated and/or real data, and how to extract and visualise the output
